With the rollout of [OpenGov](/learn/features/governance/#opengov){target=_blank} (also referred to as Governance v2), several modifications have been introduced to the governance process. As a result, the governance system in Governance v1 uses the [Democracy Pallet](/builders/pallets-precompiles/pallets/democracy){target=_blank} and [Democracy Precompile](/builders/pallets-precompiles/precompiles/democracy){target=_blank} for all governance-related functionality. In OpenGov, governance-related functionality is based on three new pallets and precompiles: the [Preimage Pallet](/builders/pallets-precompiles/pallets/preimage){target=_blank} and [Preimage Precompile](/builders/pallets-precompiles/precompiles/preimage){target=_blank}, the [Referenda Pallet](/builders/pallets-precompiles/pallets/referenda){target=_blank} and [Referenda Precompile](/builders/pallets-precompiles/precompiles/referenda){target=_blank}, and the [Conviction Voting Pallet](/builders/pallets-precompiles/pallets/conviction-voting){target=_blank} and [Conviction Voting Precompile](/builders/pallets-precompiles/precompiles/conviction-voting){target=_blank}. **OpenGov has launched on Moonriver, and once it has been rigorously tested, a proposal will be made for it to be launched on Moonbeam. Until then, Moonbeam still uses Goverance v1.** The aforementioned precompiles are Solidity interfaces that enable you to perform governance functions using the Ethereum API.

随着[OpenGov](/learn/features/governance/#opengov){target=_blank}（也称为Governance v2）的推出，对治理流程进行了几个修改。Governance v1的治理系统使用[Democracy Pallet](/builders/pallets-precompiles/pallets/democracy){target=_blank}和[Democracy Precompile](/builders/pallets-precompiles/precompiles/democracy){target=_blank}用于所有治理相关的功能。在OpenGov，治理相关功能是基于3个新的pallet和预编译：[Preimage Pallet](/builders/pallets-precompiles/pallets/preimage){target=_blank}和[Preimage Precompile](/builders/pallets-precompiles/precompiles/preimage){target=_blank}、[Referenda Pallet](/builders/pallets-precompiles/pallets/referenda){target=_blank}和[Referenda Precompile](/builders/pallets-precompiles/precompiles/referenda){target=_blank}，以及[Conviction Voting Pallet](/builders/pallets-precompiles/pallets/conviction-voting){target=_blank}和[Conviction Voting Precompile](/builders/pallets-precompiles/precompiles/conviction-voting){target=_blank}。**OpenGov现已上线Moonriver，经过严密测试后，将提出上线Moonbeam的提案。截至目前为止，Moonbeam仍在使用Governance v1版本。**上述预编译是Solidity接口，使您能够使用以太坊API执行治理功能。
